README.md, before:

# CELICA 2024

## License and Credits

All source code is licensed under the MIT License (see [LICENSE](LICENSE))
except for vendored resources as follows, which are included per the terms of
their original licenses:

- [fireemblem8u](https://github.com/FireEmblemUniverse/fireemblem8u)
  decompilation symbols and headers by various contributors
- BattleStatsWithAnimsOff by Tequila, with assets by Alusq
- DangerZone, LToggle, ChapterNames and HpBars by circleseverywhere
- `lyn`, libgbafe, text-process-classic and Expanded Modular Save by
  [stan](https://github.com/StanHash/)
- Inline GenerateBestMovementScript by 7743
- [portraits2dmp.py](https://feuniverse.us/t/the-portrait-formatter-no-one-was-asking-for/13910)
  by MintX
- ParseFile and Png2Dmp by [CrazyColorz5](https://github.com/Crazycolorz5)
- [SkipHuffmanDecompression](https://github.com/ZaneAvernathy/Rewrite) by Zane Avernathy
- FE8 Essential Fixes by the [FE8 Skill System](https://github.com/FireEmblemUniverse/SkillSystem_FE8/) team and contributors
- Extra Voices patch adapted from Agro, Brendor and Alusq
- Advanced Music Installer by Alusq
- Many internal engine hacks taken or adapted from the [fe8-archipelago](https://github.com/CT075/fe8-archipelago) project.
- Project template initially forked from MysticOCE's
  [EasyBuildfile](https://github.com/MysticOCE/EasyBuildfile)

In addition, the design and implementation of this project's "microskillsystem"
were non-trivially influenced by the FE8 Skill System, though all actual code
therein is original.

### Artistic assets made by me

Assets in this section are available for use under 
[CC-BY-SA](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/) except where
otherwise specified.

- The chapter map was initially generated by FEMapCreator and is used after
  fixes and modifications by me. It is free to use with no attribution.

### Artistic assets made by others

- FE1 "Onward" initial arrangement by me, greatly improved by Alusq
- FE3 "March" by [Sme](https://github.com/sme23) (listed as F2U)
- FE4 "AllyAttack" by pandan (listed as F2U)
- Thanks to 2WB for assistance with the Ephidel minimug

Commit message:

update icons and rewrite bgm selection
Signed-off-by: Cameron Wong <cam@camdar.io>

README.md, after:

# CELICA 2024

## License and Credits

All source code is licensed under the MIT License (see [LICENSE](LICENSE))
except for vendored resources as follows, which are included per the terms of
their original licenses:

- [fireemblem8u](https://github.com/FireEmblemUniverse/fireemblem8u)
  decompilation symbols and headers by various contributors
- BattleStatsWithAnimsOff by Tequila, with assets by Alusq
- DangerZone, LToggle, ChapterNames and HpBars by circleseverywhere
- `lyn`, libgbafe, text-process-classic and Expanded Modular Save by
  [stan](https://github.com/StanHash/)
- Inline GenerateBestMovementScript by 7743
- [portraits2dmp.py](https://feuniverse.us/t/the-portrait-formatter-no-one-was-asking-for/13910)
  by MintX
- ParseFile and Png2Dmp by [CrazyColorz5](https://github.com/Crazycolorz5)
- [SkipHuffmanDecompression](https://github.com/ZaneAvernathy/Rewrite) by Zane Avernathy
- FE8 Essential Fixes by the [FE8 Skill System](https://github.com/FireEmblemUniverse/SkillSystem_FE8/) team and contributors
- Extra Voices patch adapted from Agro, Brendor and Alusq
- Advanced Music Installer by Alusq
- Many internal engine hacks taken or adapted from the [fe8-archipelago](https://github.com/CT075/fe8-archipelago) project.
- Project template initially forked from MysticOCE's
  [EasyBuildfile](https://github.com/MysticOCE/EasyBuildfile)

In addition, the design and implementation of this project's "microskillsystem"
were non-trivially influenced by the FE8 Skill System, though all actual code
therein is original.

### Artistic assets

- FE1 "Onward" initial arrangement by me, greatly improved by Alusq
- FE3 "March" by [Sme](https://github.com/sme23) (listed as F2U)
- FE4 "AllyAttack" by pandan (listed as F2U)
- Thanks to 2WB for assistance with the Ephidel minimug
- Thanks to SgtSmilies for the following skill icons, used with permission:
    - Aegis
    - Air Raid
    - Trample
    - Air Superiority
